# Grounded
This repository is home to the [Grounded Website's](https://groundedwithmatt.com/) source code. Grounded is a podcast that I run with my Pastor, with a focus on answering common difficult questions that Christians face in their interactions with the world.

## External Use
I would prefer you not to fork this repository or copy any of my work without permission. If you want to contact me for collaborations, permissions, or anything else, please don't hesitate to [email me.](mailto:noahjgreer@gmail.com)

## Social Media
You can listen to this podcast pretty much anywhere! All episodes are hosted on [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/show/2AGB5qVXBus9Jwv0cMc3vZ), [Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/grounded/id1647718821), [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRVmMSvZfpuXiReda8MmCrg), and the [Website](https://groundedwithmatt.com/) itself. Give them a listen and leave a review!

## Copyright
### Episode Background Images
All images displayed as Episode Background resources on the Grounded website are completely artificial, generated by OpenAI's DALL-E 2. I own no rights to any of the unedited images they created, and you are more than welcome to use them as well. This does **NOT** include the OpenGraph images, which include the Episode Background images overlayed with text, titles, and the Grounded Podcast logo. I own the rights to the OpenGraph images and their concurrent files, with their only use being among the Grounded Podcast website's episode links, along with any social media occupied by Noah Greer, as well as other team members associated with the project. These images are not open to the public. 
### Grounded Representation Rights
All logos and names pertaining to The Grounded Podcast and its website and social media pages are copyrighted and the property of Noah J. Greer. All references to the project must be clearly stated to be unowned by the user or explicitly trademarked by me, respectively. The Grounded Podcast is a subsidiary of [Chapel City Church](https://chapelcity.church) and may not be copied or redistributed without prior permission from its host, Noah J. Greer.
### Audio Rights
All episodes and audio created and uploaded to the Grounded Podcast website, repository, and its respective social media are copyrighted and owned by Noah J. Greer and Chapel City Church. The jingle heard at the beginning and end of each podcast episode was created by Seth Greer and owned by him. You can create and send podcast snippets and clips as long as respective credit is given to the creators. You may not re-upload entire episodes of the podcast without explicit consent given from Noah J. Greer. If you want to upload the Grounded Podcast's content to any platform, please refrain from doing so and [contact me](mailto:noahjgreer@gmail.com) instead if you believe that our podcast needs coverage elsewhere.
